c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\bin\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.exe.config
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\bin\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.exe
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\bin\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.pdb
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.g.resources
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.exe
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.pdb
c:\users\skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddCountry.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddCountry.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddTournament.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddTournament.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddTeam.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddTeam.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\PlayersWithoutClub.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\PlayersWithoutClub.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddPlayerWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\AddPlayerWindow.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\EdytorBazyDanych.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\FastTranfersWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\FastTranfersWindow.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\CoachesWithoutClub.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\CoachesWithoutClub.baml
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\SearchWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Skyline2000\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\EdytorBazyDanych\EdytorBazyDanych\obj\Debug\SearchWindow.baml
